player	$Agent$	punches
prisoner	$Theme$	punches
player	$own$	with gloves
with a box	$Instrument$	punches

player	$Agent$	punches
prisoner	$Theme$	punches
player	$own$	with gloves
prisoner	$own$	with a beard

player	$Agent$	punches
prisoner	$Theme$	punches
player	$own$	with gloves
with a box	$Instrument$	punches
prisoner	$own$	with a beard

player	$Agent$	meshes
flutist	$Theme$	meshes
player	$own$	with yellow hair
with a comb	$Instrument$	meshes

player	$Agent$	meshes
flutist	$Theme$	meshes
player	$own$	with yellow hair
flutist	$own$	with a blue tie

player	$Agent$	meshes
flutist	$Theme$	meshes
player	$own$	with yellow hair
with a comb	$Instrument$	meshes
flutist	$own$	with a blue tie

prisoner	$Agent$	punches
player	$Theme$	punches
prisoner	$own$	with a beard
with a box	$Instrument$	punches

prisoner	$Agent$	punches
player	$Theme$	punches
prisoner	$own$	with a beard
player	$own$	with yellow hair

prisoner	$Agent$	punches
player	$Theme$	punches
prisoner	$own$	with a beard
with a box	$Instrument$	punches
player	$own$	with yellow hair

flutist	$Agent$	meshes
player	$Theme$	meshes
flutist	$own$	with a blue tie
with a comb	$Instrument$	meshes

flutist	$Agent$	meshes
player	$Theme$	meshes
flutist	$own$	with a blue tie
player	$own$	with gloves

flutist	$Agent$	meshes
player	$Theme$	meshes
flutist	$own$	with a blue tie
with a comb	$Instrument$	meshes
player	$own$	with gloves

Mermaid	$Agent$	crowns
student	$Theme$	crowns
Mermaid	$own$	with red hair
with a crown	$Instrument$	crowns

Mermaid	$Agent$	crowns
student	$Theme$	crowns
Mermaid	$own$	with red hair
student	$own$	with a bag

Mermaid	$Agent$	crowns
student	$Theme$	crowns
Mermaid	$own$	with red hair
with a crown	$Instrument$	crowns
student	$own$	with a bag

Mermaid	$Agent$	plucks
soldier	$Theme$	plucks
Mermaid	$own$	with a fish tail
with finger	$Instrument$	plucks

Mermaid	$Agent$	plucks
soldier	$Theme$	plucks
Mermaid	$own$	with a fish tail
soldier	$own$	in military suite

Mermaid	$Agent$	plucks
soldier	$Theme$	plucks
Mermaid	$own$	with a fish tail
with finger	$Instrument$	plucks
soldier	$own$	in military suite
