guys	$Agent$	look
hands	$Theme$	look
guys	$own$	with shaggy hair
in the yard	$Instrument$	hanging

men	$own$	in green shirts
men	$Agent$	standing

friends	$Agent$	enjoy
time	$Theme$	enjoy

men	$Agent$	operating
system	$Theme$	operating
men	$own$	in hard hats

men	$Agent$	working
machine	$Theme$	working
hats	$Theme$	wearing

rig	$Theme$	on
men	$Agent$	on

girl	$Agent$	going
girl	$own$	in a pink dress
cabin	$Theme$	going

girl	$Agent$	climbing
stairs	$Theme$	climbing

girl	$Agent$	going
building	$Theme$	going

Someone	$own$	in a blue shirt and hat
Someone	$Agent$	standing
stair	$Theme$	standing
Someone	$Agent$	leaning

Man	$Agent$	cleaning
windows	$Theme$	cleaning
Man	$own$	in blue shirt and jeans

man	$Agent$	cleans
window	$Theme$	cleans

guy	$Agent$	cooking
guy	$Agent$	joking
with the camera	$Instrument$	Joking

men	$Agent$	cooking
food	$Theme$	cooking
on a stove	$Instrument$	cooking

men	$Agent$	cooking
meal	$Theme$	cooking

people	$Agent$	playing
guitar	$Theme$	playing
other	$Agent$	poking
him	$Theme$	poking

man	$own$	in green
man	$Agent$	holds
guitar	$Theme$	holds
boy	$Agent$	observes
shirt	$Theme$	observes

boys	$Agent$	playing
guitar	$Theme$	playing

man	$Agent$	completes
touches	$Agent$	completes

man	$Agent$	holds
toy	$Theme$	holds

girl	$Agent$	talking
cellphone	$Theme$	talking
street	$Theme$	gliding

woman	$Agent$	walks past
people	$Theme$	past
people	$Agent$	dressed
outfits	$Theme$	dressed

woman	$own$	with a large purse
women	$Agent$	walking

people	$Agent$	standing

youths	$Agent$	jumping

men	$own$	with no shirts
men	$Agent$	jumping

dancers	$Agent$	jumping
with wonderful form	$Instrument$	jumping

class	$Agent$	jumping

guys	$Agent$	jumping
outdoors	$Theme$	jumping
with a stone wall	$Instrument$	jumping

guys	$Agent$	jumping
outdoors	$Theme$	jumping
outdoors	$own$	with a stone wall

men	$own$	with excited faces
men	$Agent$	jumping down

dogs	$Agent$	moving

man	$own$	in a tractor 
man	$Agent$	wearing
headphones	$Theme$	wearing
street	$Theme$	driving

man	$Agent$	driving
tractor	$Theme$	driving
on a main road	$Instrument$	driving

women	$Agent$	stand

women	$Agent$	stand
street	$own$	with tall buildings.

women	$Agent$	wait

Girl	$own$	in black jacket
Girl	$Agent$	sifting
sugar	$Theme$	sifting
over a chocolate cake	$Instrument$	sifting

Girl	$own$	in black jacket
Girl	$Agent$	sifting
sugar	$Theme$	sifting
sugar	$own$	over a chocolate cake

woman	$own$	with dark hair
woman	$Agent$	putting
powder	$Theme$	putting
cake	$own$	using a sifter

woman	$own$	with dark hair
woman	$Agent$	putting
powder	$Theme$	putting
using a sifter	$Instrument$	putting

girl	$Agent$	plays
fingerpaints	$Theme$	plays
canvas	$own$	with a rainbow on it

girl	$Agent$	sits
with her hands	$Instrument$	sits

girl	$Agent$	sits
rainbow	$own$	with her hands in a bowl.

man	$Agent$	sleeping
dog	$Agent$	sitting next

man	$Agent$	lies
with his dog	$Instrument$	lies

people	$Agent$	sitting
with $Instrument$s	$Instrument$	sitting

people	$Agent$	sitting
circle	$own$	with $Instrument$s

People	$Agent$	gathered
some	$Agent$	holding
$Instrument$s	$Theme$	holding

$Instrument$alists	$Agent$	play
clarinets	$Theme$	play
in a curtained room	$Instrument$	play

women	$Agent$	play
clarinets	$Theme$	play
they	$Agent$	read
music	$Theme$	read

group	$Agent$	performing
music	$Theme$	performing
on their $Instrument$s	$Instrument$	performing

structure	$Theme$	broken
structure	$Agent$	laying

person	$own$	in gray
person	$Agent$	stands
outdoors	$own$	in the dark.

man	$own$	in a jacket and jeans
man	$Agent$	standing

man	$own$	in a white t-shirt
man	$Agent$	looks toward
camera	$Theme$	looks toward

crowd	$Theme$	portrayed

man	$Agent$	putting
tattoo	$Theme$	putting

man	$Agent$	putting
tattoo	$Theme$	putting
with a tool	$Instrument$	putting

man	$Agent$	putting
tattoo	$Theme$	putting
back	$own$	with a muscle

man	$own$	with a black shirt
man	$Agent$	giving
guy	$Theme$	giving
tattoo	$Theme$	giving

man	$Agent$	putting
tattoo	$Theme$	putting

children	$Agent$	practicing
girl	$Agent$	practicing
boy	$Agent$	practicing
writing	$Theme$	practicing

children	$Agent$	sitting
totter	$Theme$	sitting

man	$own$	in bright vest and hard hat
man	$Agent$	holds
flag	$Theme$	holds
corner	$own$	covered in spray paint

man	$own$	in bright vest and hard hat
man	$Agent$	holds
flag	$Theme$	holds
flag	$own$	covered in spray paint

worker	$Agent$	standing
flag	$Theme$	holding

man	$own$	with glasses
man	$Agent$	wearing
hat	$Theme$	wearing

man	$Agent$	wears
hat and glasses	$Theme$	wears

person	$own$	with gray hair
person	$Agent$	painting
place	$own$	surrounded by others
who	$Agent$	painting

man	$own$	in green pants and blue shirt
man	$Agent$	pushing
cart	$Theme$	pushing

Janitor	$Agent$	pushing
dolly	$Theme$	pushing
with janitor tools	$Instrument$	pushing

Janitor	$Agent$	pushing
dolly	$Theme$	pushing
outside	$own$	with janitor tools

child	$Agent$	grips
at the playground	$Instrument$	grips.

child	$Agent$	grips
ropes	$own$	at the playground

girl	$own$	in pink
girl	$Agent$	climbs
bridge	$Theme$	climbs
bringe	$own$	at the park.

man	$own$	in jacket
man	$Agent$	holding
toothpick	$Theme$	holding
toothpick	$own$	with something on the end of it

man	$own$	in jacket
man	$Agent$	holding
toothpick	$Theme$	holding
with something on the end of it	$Instrument$	holding

man	$Agent$	traveling

man	$own$	in a black and yellow jacket
man	$Agent$	gazing
man	$Agent$	smiling

man	$Agent$	holds
cup	$Theme$	holds

people	$Agent$	walking
sky	$own$	in the background

silhouettes	$Agent$	decorate
sunset	$Theme$	decorate

man	$Agent$	sitting
table	$own$	with a drink

man	$Agent$	sitting
with a drink	$Instrument$	sitting

man	$Agent$	having
beer	$Theme$	having

dog	$Agent$	running
garden	$own$	surrounded by a white fence.

dog	$Agent$	running
surrounded by a white fence	$Instrument$	running

officer	$Agent$	stands
officer	$own$	in a reflective vest
van	$own$	with his dog.

officer	$Agent$	stands
officer	$own$	in a reflective vest
with his dog	$Instrument$	stands

man	$own$	with his watch dog
man	$Agent$	looking

person	$Agent$	riding
bike	$Theme$	riding
on a snowy road	$Instrument$	riding

men	$Agent$	wearing
ties	$Theme$	wearing
men	$Agent$	talk

man	$Agent$	works
man	$own$	with a backwards
machinery	$Theme$	works

woman	$Agent$	working
jars	$Theme$	packing
with candles	$Instrument$	packing
into boxes	$Instrument$	packing

woman	$Agent$	working
jars	$Theme$	packing
jars	$own$	with candles
into boxes	$Instrument$	packing

woman	$Agent$	working
jars	$Theme$	packing
with candles	$Instrument$	packing
candles	$own$	into boxes

woman	$Agent$	working
jars	$Theme$	packing
jars	$own$	with candles
candles	$own$	into boxes

manager	$Agent$	assisting
employee	$Theme$	assisting

man	$Agent$	using
broom	$Theme$	using
dirt	$Theme$	remove

