guys	Agent	look
hands	Theme	look
guys	Owner	with shaggy hair

men	Owner	in green shirts
men	Agent	standing

friends	Agent	enjoy
time	Theme	enjoy

men	Agent	operating
system	Theme	operating
men	Owner	in hard hats

men	Agent	working
machine	Theme	working
hats	Theme	wearing

rig	Theme	on
men	Agent	on

girl	Agent	going
girl	Owner	in a pink dress
cabin	Theme	going

girl	Agent	climbing
stairs	Theme	climbing

girl	Agent	going
building	Theme	going

Someone	Owner	in a blue shirt and hat
Someone	Agent	standing
stair	Theme	standing
Someone	Agent	leaning

Man	Agent	cleaning
windows	Theme	cleaning
Man	Owner	in blue shirt and jeans

man	Agent	cleans
window	Theme	cleans

guy	Agent	cooking
guy	Agent	joking
with the camera	Instrument	Joking

men	Agent	cooking
food	Theme	cooking
on a stove	Instrument	cooking

Two	Agent	cooking
meal	Theme	cooking

people	Agent	playing
guitar	Theme	playing
other	Agent	poking
him	Theme	poking

man	Owner	in green
man	Agent	holds
guitar	Theme	holds
boy	Agent	observes
shirt	Theme	observes

boys	Agent	playing
guitar	Theme	playing

man	Agent	completes
touches	Agent	completes

man	Agent	holds
toy	Theme	holds

girl	Agent	talking
cellphone	Theme	talking
street	theme	gliding

woman	Agent	walks past
people	Theme	past
people	Agent	dressed
outfits	Theme	dressed

woman	Owner	with a large purse
women	Agent	walking

people	Agent	standing

youths	Agent	jumping

men	Owner	with no shirts
men	Agent	jumping

dancers	Agent	jumping
with wonderful form	Instrument	jumping

class	Agent	jumping

guys	Agent	jumping
outdoors	Theme	jumping
with a stone wall	Instrument	jumping

guys	Agent	jumping
outdoors	Theme	jumping
outdoors	Owner	with a stone wall

men	Owner	with excited faces
men	Agent	jumping down

dogs	Agent	moving

man	Owner	in a tractor 
man	Agent	wearing
headphones	Theme	wearing
street	Theme	driving

man	Agent	driving
tractor	Theme	driving
on a main road	Instrument	driving

women	Agent	stand

women	Agent	stand
street	Owner	with tall buildings.

women	Agent	wait

Girl	Owner	in black jacket
Girl	Agent	sifting
sugar	Theme	sifting
over a chocolate cake	Instrument	sifting

Girl	Owner	in black jacket
Girl	Agent	sifting
sugar	Theme	sifting
sugar	Owner	over a chocolate cake

woman	Owner	with dark hair
woman	Agent	putting
powder	Theme	putting
cake	Owner	using a sifter

woman	Owner	with dark hair
woman	Agent	putting
powder	Theme	putting
using a sifter	Instrument	putting

girl	Agent	plays
fingerpaints	Theme	plays
canvas	Owner	with a rainbow on it

girl	Agent	sits
with her hands	Instrument	sits

girl	Agent	sits
rainbow	Owner	with her hands in a bowl.

man	Agent	sleeping
dog	Agent	sitting next

man	Agent	lies
with his dog	Instrument	lies

people	Agent	sitting
with instruments	Instrument	sitting

people	Agent	sitting
circle	Owner	with instruments

People	Agent	gathered
some	Agent	holding
instruments	Theme	holding

instrumentalists	Agent	play
clarinets	Theme	play
in a curtained room	Instrument	play

women	Agent	play
clarinets	Theme	play
they	Agent	read
music	Theme	read

group	Agent	performing
music	Theme	performing
on their instruments	Instrument	performing

structure	Theme	broken
structure	Agent	laying

person	Owner	in gray
person	Agent	stands
outdoors	Owner	in the dark.

man	Owner	in a jacket and jeans
man	Agent	standing

man	Owner	in a white t-shirt
man	Agent	looks toward
camera	Theme	looks toward

crowd	Theme	portrayed

man	Agent	putting
tattoo	Theme	putting

man	Agent	putting
tattoo	Theme	putting
with a tool	Instrument	putting

man	Agent	putting
tattoo	Theme	putting
back	Owner	with a muscle

man	Owner	with a black shirt
man	Agent	giving
guy	Theme	giving
tattoo	Theme	giving

man	Agent	putting
tattoo	Theme	putting

children	Agent	practicing
girl	Agent	practicing
boy	Agent	practicing
writing	Theme	practicing

children	Agent	sitting
totter	Theme	sitting

man	Owner	in bright vest and hard hat
man	Agent	holds
flag	Theme	holds
corner	Owner	covered in spray paint

man	Owner	in bright vest and hard hat
man	Agent	holds
flag	Theme	holds
flag	Owner	covered in spray paint

worker	Agent	standing
flag	Theme	holding

man	Owner	with glasses
man	Agent	wearing
hat	Theme	wearing

man	Agent	wears
hat and glasses	Theme	wears

person	Owner	with gray hair
person	Agent	painting
place	Owner	surrounded by others
who	Agent	painting

man	Owner	in green pants and blue shirt
man	Agent	pushing
cart	Theme	pushing

Janitor	Agent	pushing
dolly	Theme	pushing
with janitor tools	Instrument	pushing

Janitor	Agent	pushing
dolly	Theme	pushing
outside	Owner	with janitor tools

child	Agent	grips
at the playground	Instrument	grips.

child	Agent	grips
ropes	Owner	at the playground

girl	Owner	in pink
girl	Agent	climbs
bridge	Theme	climbs
bringe	Owner	at the park.

man	Owner	in jacket
man	Agent	holding
toothpick	Theme	holding
toothpick	Owner	with something on the end of it

man	Owner	in jacket
man	Agent	holding
toothpick	Theme	holding
with something on the end of it	Instrument	holding

man	Agent	traveling

man	Owner	in a black and yellow jacket
man	Agent	gazing
man	Agent	smiling

man	Agent	holds
cup	Theme	holds

people	Agent	walking
sky	Owner	in the background

silhouettes	Agent	decorate
sunset	Theme	decorate

man	Agent	sitting
table	Owner	with a drink

man	Agent	sitting
with a drink	Instrument	sitting

man	Agent	having
beer	Theme	having

dog	Agent	running
garden	Owner	surrounded by a white fence.

dog	Agent	running
surrounded by a white fence	Instrument	running

officer	Agent	stands
officer	Owner	in a reflective vest
van	Owner	with his dog.

officer	Agent	stands
officer	Owner	in a reflective vest
with his dog	instrument	stands

man	Owner	with his watch dog
man	Agent	looking

person	Agent	riding
bike	Theme	riding
on a snowy road	Instrument	riding

men	Agent	wearing
ties	Theme	wearing
men	Agent	talk

man	Agent	works
man	Owner	with a backwards
machinery	Theme	works

woman	Agent	working
jars	Theme	packing
with candles	Instrument	packing
into boxes	Instrument	packing

woman	Agent	working
jars	Theme	packing
jars	Owner	with candles
into boxes	Instrument	packing

woman	Agent	working
jars	Theme	packing
with candles	Instrument	packing
candles	Owner	into boxes

woman	Agent	working
jars	Theme	packing
jars	Owner	with candles
candles	Owner	into boxes

manager	Agent	assisting
employee	Theme	assisting

man	Agent	using
broom	Theme	using
dirt	Theme	remove



















